how to get a beautiful woman's phone
number it's really simple guys stop
making a science experiment out of this
like so many of those dating gurus and
pee ways you're learning from where
they're teaching you all these
complexities and all these steps you
need to go through and all this a 1 a 2
and a 3 just to get a phone number it's
it doesn't have to be that complex
because it's not it's very simple it's
as simple as this this is all you have
to do pull out your cell phone turn it
towards her and you say here put your
number in my phone you're giving her
instructions on what to do here put your
number in my phone or you can have her
call her cell phone that way she'll have
your number and you'll have her number
it's that simple that's all it is and
I've always taught you guys that
beautiful women love to give out their
phone numbers it's really easy to get
their numbers it's not difficult at all
you know stop listening to these guys
that tell you you need to do this you
need to do that you know you need to go
through you need to throw out an egg and
yeah you don't have to do any of that
because beautiful women will give you
their phone number it's very easy
they'll give you their phone number
because they love attention
they love that you're calling they love
that you're texting now for most guys
does she have any intention of ever
picking up or ever answering their call
no chances are they'll never hear from
her again you know and this is one of
the unfortunate realities one of the
caveats to the fact that beautiful women
do give their number out a lot
they also almost never answer their
phone stop making a science experiment
out of it it's not difficult guys it's
not difficult at all it's very easy just
as long as you don't come off creepy you
don't come off weird you know you don't
come off like a stalker she'll give you
a phone number because she wants you to
call
she wants the attention if all you want
to do is collect phone numbers all day
it's very easy okay it's very very easy
just walking up saying hello real quick
introducing yourself and saying you know
I got a run but I would love to continue
this if you could just go ahead and
enter your number in here go ahead and
put your number in my phone and they
would do it it's so easy to get a girl's
phone number it's not even funny
but unfortunately what's happened in the
last five or ten years is these dating
gurus and these pickup artists have come
along and created this laundry list of
things that they're telling you you need
to do that you don't need to do it's
going to come out to the same result no
matter what okay so it's not going to
change the result in many cases it will
hurt your results by doing all that
because for a lot of guys when they try
to do those openers as routines and all
the DHB stories they just end up looking
weird and awkward because it's not
something that's coming from inside of
them it's not who they are they're not
comfortable with it and women can tell
like you know why is this guy just so
kind of you know awkward and they get
creeped out now they don't get a phone
number at all so again don't make a
science experiment out of it it's very
very rare that a beautiful woman won't
give you her phone number it's actually
more rare that a beautiful woman won't
give you her phone number then actually
giving you her phone number
because she wants you to call she wants
attention you know she's not going to
pick up that's the truth I'm just being
honest with you while it's very easy to
get a beautiful woman's phone number
it's very difficult to actually get her
to answer her phone
much less ever get her out on a date I'm
seeing so many videos out there that are
complete BS and complete crap that you
need to do this you need to do that you
need to do this opener and you need to
you know you need to vibe with her you
see a beautiful woman you want to get
our number it's as simple as going right
up to her introducing yourself pulling
out your cell phone and going here put
your number in my cell call yourself
you know you're instructing her what to
do and this is how you want to do it too
you want to make sure you grab your cell
turn it towards her and just put it
right in front of her and say here call
yourself give her instructions she'll do
it then you'll have her phone number is
it that hard
no is it easy it's Mary's